lies before us as we say off to the
Fountain of Youth you could guide an
expedition you are Jack Sparrow there
should be a capsule in there somewhere
Jack Sparrow's in left hell-bent to find
the Fountain of Youth don't be a fool
Jackie the fountain test you was that
really necessary gentlemen the fountain
is the prize how many orders that be our
path steady as she goes what's your play
Jack I thought I should give you warning
we're taking the ship nothing personal
hope you just stay out of it
heavy bangs along the way firstly
mermaids zombies Blackbeard the pirate
all parts fear
if I do not make it to the fountain
either breathe is that it thanks sir
yeah we've gone again are we not kings
how is it we can never meet without you
pointing something at me there's the
jack I know
you know that feeling you getting your
standing in a high place sudden urge to
jump
I don't have it
did everyone see that because I will not
be doing it again
you